docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/icon.md

);
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> The Flag component is assigned `role="image"`. Assistive technology users ascertain the purpose of the Flag via its accessible name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default `ef-icon` delegates focus into its internal svg which has native `role="image"`. Assistive technology users ascertain the purpose of the icon via its accessible name.
```

Reviewer: Similar should apply to flag.

Author: Roger that.
